is what they should be saying in the
same way that bowel cancer societies
should be just saying outright don't
consume presence made often the language
that they'll use will be something like
eat the least amount possible or
minimize it or something like that but
with one egg you've basically maxed out
your daily allowance for cholesterol so
if you're eating one egg the rest of
your diet that day would have to be
vegan to stay within the guidelines when
you're talking about a whole egg you're
talking about a food product that's
sixty-three percent fat if there's so
much obviously wrong with eggs in terms
of just just taking a glance at what
nutrients they can take do eggs are not
health on blood but raw eggs I used to
make chocolate cake okay what they used
to make well that's like salt is you
does that's irrelevant I want to point
out though that eggs in terms of
affecting blood cholesterol I'm finding
a lot of contentious reports on that one
there is no no doubt to the fact that
they have there's something called the
hex Ted equation there's also the keys
of question basically the idea is what
happens is if you don't have any
cholesterol in very low saturated fats
in your diet if you add a stack of it to
your diet it'll have this huge spike and
as you add more and more there's the
response is less and less and that's
where the contention comes in so what
happens is if if we got on someone like
me or one of the other people in here
who has you know no cholesterol and low
saturated fats in their diet and you
just added a bunch of saturated fat and
cholesterol till they died you'd see a
massive spike in their cholesterol
levels but then if you got somebody on
average who's eating quite if you know
let's just say two three eggs for the
sake of the argument and then you add an
egg the the effect that the first two
three eggs would have had on the vegan
or whatever is is or the fer the effect
that the first egg would have had on the
vegan is not going to be the same as the
fifth egg or
the person who's eating right I think
kind of understanding it seems like if
you have the right diet multiple eggs
are fine and if it matters my blood
closer ours well under control and I've
had like about two eggs like on a verge
a day yeah I mean it depends on what you
mean by under control because okay so
then regardless that I may find one egg
is giving you 24 grams of fat seven
point five grams of saturated fat I'm
sorry just looking at the basic basic
facts of what is an egg eggs are not
health food they have never it's not
broccoli my house it seems to be anjana
health and food stuff it never has been
like Lester why doesn't matter right
this migraine I'll just make a simple
statement so that the amount that you
would have to eat to get good amounts of
nutrients from eggs is quite a lot and
by the time you actually start getting
some nutritional value from them you'll
also be adding a whole lot of problems
from them as well so I think I can
remember I've done mine because I've
seen four haven't looked it up for a
while but they'll often talk about
things like selenium b12 and like
that I think yes well you can get some
like fermented things they do it from
several other person you can just do
yeah I'm just using it as an example so
you've got things like b12 and selenium
and we told you can get from a lot of
vegan places yeah that's not the point
the point I'm making is that the things
that are advertised as being good from
that you can get from eggs you often
have to eat quite a lot of eggs to get
an okay amount of of that thing so
whether it's b12 selenium whatever but
once you start actually eating enough to
get some value from the eggs you start
getting such a large amount of
cholesterol that the positive is far
outweighed by the negative in the ideal
amount of cholesterol in the human diet
and zero look to get the same amount of
protein from I can if you're not sure
about that I want happy for you to just
just tell me what nutrients you think
you're getting big I mean I would just
like to see
I would just like to see like some maybe
some academic papers that say that pegs
are just a waste of time because you're
each other yeah like thank you
so just for what is worth if your that
are as far as I know eggs are seen to
have beneficial amount of nutrition
especially for like what they like per
weight or per ounce and if you want to
show me if you want to convince me that
eggs are just a watch they're just
basically sacks of fat or sacks of
cholesterol just like give me the
empirical on that one yes what nutri I
mean I'll just ask you what nutrients
you're actually do you think you're
actually getting from them and what they
look like this question so he's asked a
direct question that your skin cancer
that Sri PCRM had a famous of PCRM is
Physicians Committee for Responsible
medicine that a famous famous lawsuit
taking the egg Lobby to court precisely
because they were violating the u.s.
national guidelines on health that they
were presenting advertising claiming the
eggs were healthy and that actually even
if you read the US government's own
guidelines that were not healthy for
exactly these reasons so there are
famous cases that document this with
real facts and real studies and
everything else that went to court and
set precedent in med states American
that's not that many years ago it's
whether they're famous well-known cases
yes it's good for you to ask for
academic studies but as I said earlier
you haven't looked up the basic
nutrition data like the ratio of fat to
protein eggs do contain a lot of protein
okay it's a significant concession I'm
not going to say you guys have zero in
value eggs contain a lot of protein so a
whole egg has about thirty point six
grams of protein that's a lot of protein
okay
however in order to get those thirty
point six grams of protein you're
getting 24 point 2 grams of fat and a
lot of that is saturated fat it's
incredibly unhealthy and there's
cholesterol now by contrast the staple
of my diet is a type of red bean called
an adzuki beat for me to get the same
amount of protein
as one egg from these red beans gives me
0.4 grams of fat okay so 0.4 grams of
fat versus 24 point 2 grams of fat and
adzuki beans have zero cholesterol zero
cetera that these are trace amounts of
plant fat that are contained in these
beans okay there is there is no
comparison eggs are not a health food
they're not comparable to beans or
broccoli or salad or anything that's
healthy
I'm just going to put a picture up in
alright and I also had I'm uh while I
was saying something I was looking at
different like academic sources about
the effect of eggs on health some as far
as I know seem to be suggesting that
eggs are part of a healthy diet and some
are saying that eggs are neutral and I'm
trying to find ones where they say that
eggs are like a component of like heart
disease as I'm I think I might be I
might be doing this wrong or I think I
might be uncharitable in the sense that
I'm limiting my my eye surgeons from
2015 so it could be just one second so
like I put up just this is just a quick
google nutrition sort of table that I
put up so I don't know where I think I
see friends but this is yes sir egg one
100 this is 100 grams of eggs which i
think is like I think a lot or medium or
large egg is something like 50 grams or
some was what it calculated but so
this is about no one egg or so it may be
worth I think it gives you about 13
grams of protein which isn't a huge
amount it covers your entire days worth
of cholesterol and for so vitamin A 10%
vitamin C nothing
vitamin D 20% calcium 5% is garbage if
you think that through and b12 I think
it says 14% so which is b12 so if you
think that through that's the you'd have
to get any of those up to a hundred to
your daily amount you'd have to eat
about five eggs a day to actually get a
decent amount from them right and that's
just probably maybe vitamin D and the
best way to get vitamin D really is to
just go out into the Sun things like
vitamin A you can eat two carrots and
that will give you your entire days
worth of vitamin a b12 again you can
just take fortified calcium you can eat
fortified soy milk or whatever and
that'll give you more than that just
from just from a glass or just from
a bowl of cereal worth of of soy milk
that'll easily give you way more calcium
there's the the mechanism by which it
causes heart disease is the cholesterol
that is is in in the egg so it's not
just saying eggs cause cholesterol so
egg cause heart disease its egg the
cholesterol in eggs cause a spike in
your cholesterol and that is the
mechanism by which it occurs
so you both got that infographic the
first point made on that infographic be
CRM is the same thing I said it's over
60% fat calories from fat there's no way
any food is gonna be healthy that way
doesn't matter if it's vegan or not it's
you know obviously it's not a health
food consuming eggs increases your risk
of cardiovascular disease by 19% colons
guy and served by five times diabetes by
60% li the prostate cancer by 81 percent
it's it's rich in cholesterol the ideal
amount of cholesterol in human diet is
zero some people there was a genetic
range of how much cholesterol you
produce how much you retain this person
somebody needs ik will remember
Maude vegan she has that genetic anomaly
she can eat an infinite amount of
cholesterol and never have foster
Oklahomans she's one of those people on
the spectrum before she was vegan she
could eat bacon all day and her lip
cholesterol would never go up some
people have that condition but
nevertheless the ideal amount of
cholesterol in the top human diet is
zero
you
but hey it was more intellectually
stimulating to have to debate whether or
not you know using chicken poo as
fertilizer ethically justified product
can I had a couple more it difficult to
debate hey it's Mike here I just want to
I want to add a couple points if yeah so
uh I'm not sure if anybody linked it I'm
in like my tiny house right now so I
can't type anything but
obviously got me cut out he was silence
for the Russians
egg egg consumption and carotid plaque
that shows an exponential association
between a consumption carotid plaque
that's pretty much on par with smoking
cigarettes and I just want to know my
main question is why do you think that
cholesterol doesn't cause heart disease
so I assume you admit that eating
cholesterol raises cholesterol deep
depending on how so there's like ways
that clozaril interacts with the body
we're eating cholesterol doesn't
necessarily translate into blood
cholesterol right there's different you
can literally when you eat a egg you see
a spike in cholesterol two eggs large
respectin cholesterol three is the
studies in my cholesterol doesn't race
eating cholesterol doesn't raise
cholesterol this video I'm sorry I can't
get it for you guys but I had the study
yet I can I can put up a meta-analysis
where they had a people in wards so
basically they control the entire diets
and there's a meta-analysis of several
kinds of these studies whereby they
might in today one of them out of people
starts and it had a predictive effect of
increase in reducing all right
cholesterol as they did it so I'll just
link that up but either way I mean I
don't think there's a case to be made
that eating cholesterol in the form of X
does not raise cholesterol I mean it's
probably what I main reasons that begin
to anyone's with I but the idea is that
when you raise cholesterol that there is
acceptable threshold you can raise it to
is it's also can be a source of fat that
your body might need well what do you
consider an acceptable threshold that
you're probably still gonna die of heart
disease because the only group that has
you know yeah the only group that has
ideal level of cholesterol the only diet
that's been shown to reverse art disease
is a whole food vegan diet so the moment
you're including Calypso what you say
reduce heart disease you mean from
people who are at risk reverse heart
disease so study you know esos and study
200 people putting them on whole food
vegan diet
showing unclogging of arteries you know
these are people with advanced
cardiovascular disease over 12 years 60
percent of the people who failed the
diet it was about 30 people
they had 60% rate of heart attacks and
strokes of the people that stayed on it
0.6% yes so that's just that's that's
another end of that same discussion
because most people are probably gonna
die of heart disease right so in the
case of someone who's at risk or has
conditions where they want to reduce
their cholesterol
I think it's fairly obvious that you
should do things to where you want to
reduce your cholesterol right everybody
is at risk of heart disease I mean if
you look at a study I believe it was
cholesterol I can find it later but
virtually all children by the age of
three now in the US have fatty streaks
on the aorta the last thing you want is
high cholesterol you know we're seeing
spinal disk degeneration leading to you
know caused by clogged back arteries in
11 to 16 year olds now and that's of
although science awards winning study I
get out of fun games less nutritional
value of eggs was raised here as a
justification for the acknowledged
immorality of farming factory farming
and from this perspective to less
research but smaller farms but do the
right who ray think if surges let me
finish my sentences one wasn't if you
think the nutritional value of eggs is
so great that it justifies the animal
Holocaust that justifies animals living
in captivity whole lives and then having
their next slaughter have their necks
cut and so on then what do you think
about adzuki beans
adzuki beans must justify mass murder on
an unbelievable skill you must worship
at zukie beans as if aliens have landed
from outer space because the nutritional
value of a common food like adzuki beans
it's exponentially so much healthier so
much more impressive than eggs even if
you just glance the basic nutritional
data I have no idea what you're trying
to communicate it so I'm going to
translate for me I'll just keep it
simple a little basically there's no
need for cholesterol in your diet and
the very small amount of benefits that
come from eggs is y is going to be just
way outweighed by the negative it brings
there's no need for dietary cholesterol
in your diet and most people is without
even doing a blood work on you would
benefit by far by just taking dietary
cholesterol out of their diet and
swapping saturated fats for
it seems like that but it seems like you
would need cholesterol in your diet at
least some amount that's actually that's
incorrect
so your body synthesizes what I think it
would be more convincing to me to like
to see the literature in all honesty
yeah I mean I can cause like literature
is persuasive to me yeah yeah I mean I
can I can give you a lot of literature I
can just show you a link from a state
government Health website which
obviously is not proving you know
anything like though or anti animal
products but this simple they'll just
say it's simply that cholesterol is not
required in the diet just give me two
seconds I'll get you that link yeah
that's much better thank you
it's frustrating because all my videos
have like 15 you know an average of like
15 studies underneath them I just can't
show you right now but any all the
studies I mention it you know you're
seeing that spike in cholesterol and
then you want to go further of do you
think that high cholesterol is damaging
both of would you say do you believe
that having high cholesterol is damaging
ah yes so you do okay so that's that's a
lot of people and deny that openly wait
did I ever get the impression that I
said that close sure like I said this
the high cholesterol is just gonna be
bad for you like Alfie impression I mean
just the fact that you were would deny
the fact that eggs would be a danger to
cholesterol it's very much part of
erasing the diet heart hypothesis that
well the reason I've said it wasn't bad
is because I'm looking at like health
guidelines right now as we're talking
and the amount of cholesterol per egg
seems to be if you that you can have to
and so with remain within the healthy
level well then don't put all the ways
unhealthy in this currently I didn't
hear you can you repeat that someone
else was saying something it was in the
normal okay there's normal in a sick
society where most people who are
probably gonna die of heart disease and
then there's optimal which is not
considered the standard normal so you
can yeah you can maybe hover just under
200 where you're still probably gonna
die of heart disease but to get under
you know 150 or you know I deal in terms
of LDL is you know 50 to 70 mile is I
think even lower than 50 and that's
basically impossible if you eat eggs and
so you're gonna have progression of
atherosclerosis and likely to be diver
you know still likely to dive into like
a car wreck thing I was reading the
talks about the the vital nacelle
cholesterol in your diet or I guess in
your body technically yeah just quickly
so I put up just above your link it's a
link to the Victorian so the state that
I live in to Australia and I think it's
saying the first three point yeah so we
know about Akhilesh are you proposing
there's a danger of not having
cholesterol your day um it seems like
less from what I read seems like
cholesterol is needed for making like
types of hormones in your body and
hormones herim productions usually don't
want to with we still make eighty
percent of the cholesterol in our body
depending on how much you can see them
like on average 80 percent of
cholesterol
and there is I mean there are miss based
off low cholesterol so people who are
dying of cancer their cholesterol I
might go you know crash and then people
say oh low cholesterol is an issue you
think that this guy gave says that you
can't your body just produces all the
cholesterol it needs yeah so there's
sorry
okay so yeah this is like one of like
several things that talk about whether
to eat cholesterol or the naughty
cholesterol but this is this is
persuasive and all
yeah and if you want to tie it back to
the original topic I'm I'm okay with
that
what is the original topic where you
guys you were at debating like
fertilizers or something my first hitter
not ours yeah one of the justifications
for eating chicken eggs so this is a
conversation about X okay as you're
getting habit started
all right as we started talking about
fertilizer and one of the things in
which like farmers use chickens for
right that they would still probably
babe they might still probably be on a
farm even if there wasn't a man
that's definitely not correct it would
not be cost-effective to raise chickens
just for a fertilizer I don't think so
for what it's worth would it be
convincing like do you do you see a
situation where the small-scale farms
are I guess scaled out and used as the
method to feed yeah I I think no one
here is going to agree that we have
industrial farms like the optimal mode
of production should be to small-scale
farms yeah that's fine and do you think
we that it'd be a good way to like using
animals on these plants would be a good
way to I guess scale up and provide the
most amount of food for people yeah cuz
there's a lot of the things that we use
in farms like industrially produced
manure is really ought to be phased out
right they can't like support or that
yet but they can't support like the
agriculture or over the entire world so
it makes sense to go back to a more
sustainable form of ecology where you
would like feed scraps and things that
aren't fit for consumption animals and
poop it now to go back to the soil
better tell me more anecdotes again what
makes you think this is lost
Arcadia to live on a small platform is
that reference inside your window and
chicken hutch you know it's
horrible it's horrible for the human
beings as well as the animals and yeah
just guards to have a fire blood can I
add a point also here okay looking you
know there's there's if you look at
Polyface farm which is like the face no
pun intended of like where's
regenerative agriculture yeah if you're
looking for second Inglot Polyface farm
never heard of it okay not something you
can just google it but just just talking
about the point here is that there's
been a large
I don't even want to say campaign but
just a notion that chicken tractors are
all you need et cetera to be fertilizing
and then I believe there was a Guardian
article New York Times article I can
find it showing that actually Polyface
farm was shipping in tens of thousands
of pounds of grain to feed the chickens
which were then fertilizing
quote-unquote the the cow fields and so
it's a matter of where the nutrients
came from and it's not the chickens
magically create yeah they gotta be
local right this was has to be the case
where you need to be able to recycle
that's why like production needs to be
scaled to be to local you can't have its
kind of international trade of food
where nutrients are like leaving it so
you got it like and you end up like
destroying the soil afterward yeah you
know I also just put them a link in
general which actually address that fact
so the sort of thought about the
small-scale farming and actually it's
often not that efficient so if we're
talking about a growing human population
it's often going to be the case that
some sort of industrialized methods are
going to be just better at feeding
people so this is an article from a
couple I think that runs a small-scale
farm but there's also an interesting
comment by a guy called George Monbiot
one bio I'll just I thought did you post
the Dean isn't isn't the answer thing
George a moment you wrote a series on
this topic he's written several books
going
so is is their thesis basically that
changing away from animal products isn't
enough to like meet the demands that
industrial farming is trying to meet is
that what the trend so they're more
saying that the best way to go about
changing the farming products of farming
production I guess is to move towards
more small-scale farms yeah that's true
going down yes so in the comment that I
put up it's it's the first comment
whether the pic comment it's written by
George mom bio who's a journalist for
The Guardian as well he's spent quite a
lot of time he's actually pretty
interesting if you look into him so he
initially turned vegan and all of his
concerns like just completely
environmental base and food efficiency
based so he initially turned vegan
because of the the environmental cost
and how concerned he was with how much
of environmental damage he was doing and
it looked like you could very easily
feed the world on a vegan diet instead
he then met some people who said that
this isn't true and if you do locavore
ism and like that that would be
better and so he he foot back being to
being like a locavore east
type diet and then about three years
later he foot back again to veganism
after he looked more into the numbers
and found that most of the people that
were making the small-scale claims
really couldn't back it up with the
numbers and he responded on this article
and it's the I think it's the first
comment so I'll just post it again but
yeah basically he points out that the UK
population could easily be fed if we
went to a completely vegan diet just
even on an industrial type and not only
would they be able to easily feed them
but they could easily feed probably four
times as much
I guess my question is do you believe
that we can feed the world with the
vegan diet she believes that fertilizers
possible are we even disagreeing I just
I just realized that I hadn't pushed the
push to talk about now let's try to talk
for a bit from what I've seen most a lot
of a college Asst and like especially I
got a Rutgers a lot as they do a lot of
agricultural sciences there they say
that if you wanted to create a
production system that's going to be
sustainable and can support people a
pure vegan method this is like from like
the last 2016 onward where there's like
a resurgence in interest isn't going to
be cutting it and that there was and I
like people on the PBS articles about it
earlier in that animal especially with
aquaculture and with like milk friendly
I hate saying that word because I don't
like building cows but I don't
I would like bite that bullet if it's
like mint some sort of like sustainable
outcome that fitment met people's needs
but it seems like a lot of experts agree
that a efficient and sustained and via
production setup is going to involve
animals to some extent ok so obviously I
disagree with you you're probably
getting that from the element a study on
carrying capacity which looked at
defeating the world without animals and
in that study something you won't hear
is that a vegan diet uses one sixth of
the land and so and but then there the
the news sort of twisted it as actually
you can have a larger carrying capacity
on the earth because they totally miss
category is what is considered arable
lands so they basically said anything
that we're not growing crops on right
now he's not arable which is absurd it
doesn't count anything that could be
Terios it doesn't count
doesn't count anything that you can
plant
hey one of us could have did you say
it's an agent under utilized no it's
insane underutilized thing look you know
this is in apropos the issue of
fertilizer but it also covers a lot of
the questions about byproducts and
indirect quote unquote benefits of
animal products whey powder is extremely
cheap whey powder is not valuable it's a
waste product spun off by basically the
cheese industry by turning their
products into cheese
so whey powder is available low low
prices chicken poo also is a non
valuable waste part of the halftee widow
you know whey powder also it's it's very
hard to get rid of safely so they
basically is a subsidized product
because it's a by parts they need to get
rid of if you can google what the prices
are for the different types of
fertilizer if chicken poo were valuable
in the way you were suggesting if that
kind of fertilizer available it would be
more expensive than chemical fertilizer
on the free market and it is not
automatically cheaper and again I
pointed out there is a cultural memory
about bat guano
I checked the prices bat guano still is
genuinely valuable genuinely expensive
it's more expensive than chemical
fertilizer it's way more expensive than
chicken fertilizer the chicken
fertilizer with in Georgia it's
currently you can get it for $14 per ton
if they got to ship it further it looks
like the corn price is $80 per tonne
whereas you're talking about like eight
hundred and fifty dollars per ton for
bat guano so I just say the idea you
started with the chicken fertilizer is
something so useful and so valuable that
it justifies this stuff that is very I
never lose that you did just about
looking at Mexico I don't why you keep
straw Manning man that's ridiculous who
said that did something anybody hear me
like because chicken poop is so good for
four farms that it's okay to his murder
that was a big part of your defense of
small farming as opposed to it wasn't I
okay then you express yourself very
poorly if you want to say that's not
what you mean now that's fine and all
exactly if you can't repeat my own
argument to me right
you just can't do that and I don't know
why you're attacking it I must be I must
be very stupid that must be very steep
oh I think I think thank you for human
soroban why don't you let me know why
you cannot the only one has that
opinions which is good right so what was
long there if someone blow me do you
want to do you want to finish up tying
up just the idea quickly the idea that
you need to feed the world I mean for
example right yeah that's like it's just
gonna be that's just gonna be like
empirical right that's not something
that's going to be some and that's not
an ethical debate that's not any of
these of the empirical debates right now
I'm remembering like just one point just
to close this important so
the amount of grain that we feed in
North America alone could feed every
single hungry person on earth
people who are food insecure that's from
a Cornell article those who can use a
credible but to people FY
doesn't matter you chief you just switch
it over it's a matter of that we are
capable of using these things the grain
so the greens are edible the people use
a lot more water and there are a lot
more nitrogen there's a lot less
nitrogen that's doing that stuff into
your fine products you mean the stuff
that's not fit for people yeah I mean
that's
isn't that like refined isn't that like
corn syrup and stuff there's no toxic
you made it and it's also
isn't it so about when it's when it's
harvested it's all sorts of fact there's
both like the very plans um don't like
this there's like great there's a
strains of cheap grain that's used to
make feed for other animals that
regardless of when they're picked isn't
going to be something that people should
be eating should be eating the point is
in terms of calories in terms of land in
terms of these resources we can easily
shift to feed every hungry personal in
the world just with one cup I don't know
about that one
easily I know maybe the Kate duck that
may be the case but if you want it to be
convincing that's gonna have to be like
empirics behind that alright I literally
can't like I'd love to close the window
and and look at a bunch of research but
I'm on my phone again I will say Google
like Lansing you're necessarily wrong
but if I can Outlook or no I believe
it's 300 million unless you get 300
million a few 800 million sorry that 800
million people yet 800 people in the
world and there's yeah just in terms of
calorie
u.s. could feed this is from - still the
same amount of hungry people
we can also just produce a oh no this is
from 99,000 yeah so that was telling
actually less yeah and there's actually
less animals being fed then so it's
probably more now right but I think if
I'm gonna be taking this as a source
like I don't ever they're taking
something as a source I'd like to be
like more updated cutting out because
like I whatever you guys said can you
guys repeat because I cut out I'm just
saying there's an easier point cuz
that's from 1997 or whatever right this
u.s. actually ate less animals back then
so they actually if they're saying back
then the food that they're feeding to
the animals could feed a hundred million
people the amount of consumption of
animals in America has actually gone up
so that's probably the fact that it's
out of date is probably worse for your
argument no I don't think that's the
case if you can find like the reason I
don't think it's the case is one that
doesn't take into account all sorts of
things we know about climate change
today or things you know about the soil
because like in the - in the mid 2000s
we spent like a lot of money in our
agricultural sciences really like really
buff that up and a little bit skeptical
of things like Ana's before 2010 so if
we have empirical data there like from
know like recently that corroborate
systemsure right like I know we can feed
the world but like I don't know like
whether the claims that this makes is
going to be eaten like we can hold - yes
so we can I can just get you a paper
from a guy called Joseph poor which
shows that the best efficient diet is a
vegan diet and that the carrying
capacity of would easily feed the
popular the expected population of 2050
which is like 10 billion
because like I'm looking at other ideal
diets and a lot of them are they involve
like fishing like the pescetta
which is something I don't want to like
I mean you understand that you
understand the main point here though is
that when we are feeding animals we are
siphoning grain down I mean laws of
thermodynamics all right so you are
faithful you're siphoning down you're
losing energy by feeding food animals
food to animals you know depending on
the animal it's more or less loss so
there's no way especially when you're
feeding animals living energy and I
understand that so if you feed one
calorie to an animal there's no way you
can get one or more calories back we
didn't last Mike Mike I'm not I'm not
okay okay did already circling back just
before you came in that was exactly when
it was the flowchart of the fact that
mathematically it must be the case that
eating animal products is less
sufficient and kills more mice like if
you're ethically opposed to mice being
killed
you're killing more my steed beef or
chicken or eggs so we did start with
that completely agree with you
completely encourage you to go on but we
have already shove this down this guy's
throat okay but dizzy do you not believe
that's true just we've uh I mean the
mice thing huh I mean if we don't do the
whole everyone talks at the exact same
time maybe we can like and hear
something okay do you believe is that
the laws of thermodynamics to not apply
to raising animals that we do not lose
energy oh it's ridiculous
so we do so it's an inefficiency it
doesn't matter right there's like
calories that we just don't eat so a
fish like you can the efficiency is
normative right so efficiency has to be
with regard to some goal if the goal is
merely to cram as much calories down a
person's throat where they can be eating
dirt whatever right anything like was
gone to an animal just goes to them sure
right but if we're talking about
optimizing like calorie per food that we
find enjoyable or palatable etc that's
going to be different
we're also just looking at calories we
are talking about calories because
that's what people died of starvation
from but you can plant other plants that
have higher nutrient values in certain
ways it doesn't have to just be right a
lot of those hat take like a hot I have
a higher water requirement legumes the
games high protein do you not have it
super high water requirement I mean I
live right next to so I think I think
legumes and like beans in generals don't
right but like for fruit that's one of
the things that has a higher water
content or a lot of leaves are free you
don't have to eat fruit I mean if we're
gonna be the case for a lot of cannot so
we're talking I mean an optimal like
production thing people would just have
to eat what's local to them right like
so only people would not have avocado
for the nose I don't agree with that I
believe that you know if you ship a
banana from Ecuador on a freight freight
you can actually be doing less energy
than local eat local greenhouse grown
veggies or emit less greenhouse gas
sitting at a lower carbon into the air
Nana no if you look at banana like co2
per banana co2 per Meucci and per
calorie and so forth you just because of
the massive size of a freighter ship and
the cost of co2 per mile that Freight is
driven per pound its absorbent lilo
you're gonna be way lower than that then
for example having a cow in your
backyard that's literally ripping up
sorbets amounts of methane it's saying
the lifetime of a freighter operating
over like the lifetime of a cow so those
are the two same things you're saying
the cow is gonna be more detrimental to
the environment the single cow versus
the freighter I'm saying freighter I'm
talking about the banana or the shipment
of food I'm saying that not in all cases
is local lower right I'm saying that
freighter is like just having freighters
in general is gonna be bad for the
environment right it's not as bad as a
local greenhouse like I mean do you you
okay so let's say you live in a foreign
Earth's climate where you could be
growing veggies with greenhouses you
know you have to heat them that uses a
lot of greenhouse gas is but it's
healthy to have vegetables you should be
eating vegetables I think
I agree right it could be a lower
footprint to be shipping them with using
certain things obviously not air but in
terms of freighters as in start book
actually on bananas being more eco being
shipped on freighter
how well is this also for ninety seven
are actually 1907 so it's actually no
longer true he knows this charity the
earth is actually there's actually not
because we are not round because we
discovered that too long ago it's
actually flat now just put up there to I
just put up the this specific paper
novel I also put up a Guardian article
talking to the author of the on the
paper and he said that it's less it
you'll have more of an impact just
switching to a vegan diet and it all
ties in obviously so the less the less
of fish the less efficient diet is going
to have more impact on the environment
but it also means that you're gonna have
less food to feed people right but
that's we're still talking about the
local the local problem right the local
I can find you another one as well but
I'm pretty sure is this guy who covered
it who said it's usually not the case
that the look of autism is just this
sort of feel-good thing and quite often
it's the case like what Mike was saying
where food shipped from interstate or
internationally it doesn't have that
much of a carbon footprint compared to
growing a cow for steak whatever okay no
I've imported that's it's quite often
the case there will be more that that
will be the case but I agree that we
shouldn't have cows or production at
least for the most part right I think
cows really gonna be useful for like
producing manure that's the only like
thing I would say but if we're talking
about local production of vegetables
versus I guess like international or
foreign production of vegetables right
the idea is whether or not taken in
taken in whole like holistically whether
or not not producing locally versus
producing locally is going to contribute
more toward
environmental change than not right like
that that's what we're looking at
obviously if you hold everything steady
then if you just walk over to your
neighbors farm and and pick something
out of their backyard that's obviously
going to have less of an impact then
getting the same product from interstate
but if the product is expensive enough
on the environment then the fact that
it's next door to you is not going to
it's not gonna outweigh product being
flown in either
I'm sorry being shipped in from
interstate or overseas quite often then
if you're just endlessly I think you
have the sorry I'm just gonna say
quickly if you have a vegan diet where
you don't really check where the
products are coming in from the chances
are that it seems to be from what I've
read that that will be less impactful on
the environment than somebody who is a
locavore eating some sort of a non
omnivorous diet right well we're talking
about people who are having like a
vegetarian diet right and is it better
to eat locally or to not eat locally and
I think in almost all cases it's better
to eat locally because even if there was
the or the phrases even if like everyone
is vegan the act there like having an
infrastructure that can ship food around
is going to negatively impact climate
change right like we don't want that
that's just not sustainable well just
growing foods that are required but one
of us is cutting out growing foods I can
you can't understand me right now it's
really ridiculous that you would say you
can't understand I mean that's the thing
that comes in clear okay try that
actively infuriates me are you going you
are going to need to produce foods that
the human body requires anyway or to be
healthier and they will have an impact
on the environment so it's a matter of
weighing which one is which so again in
northern climate it can be worse but I'm
honestly more curious about you
supporting the position which I believe
you said we can feed more people in a
system with animals and I want to know
how that works when for example we can
talk about protein
how you can't create extra protein from
animals they have to take that nitrogen
from plants fixed from the atmosphere I
understand that you're using
thermodynamics as your guiding principle
so in terms of protein and nitrogen just
you can't make more nation right so I
understand that you're using
thermodynamics as like the principle in
which you one like organize production
but I think it's a little more
complicated than that
I'll get like the store the reports that
talk about having aquaponic or having an
animal agriculture as a more sustainable
alternative to like a pure vegan or like
yet did you're vegan or like non Anna
based production setup one second it'll
depend on the model that you're putting
up essentially I think there's some like
very specific modeling where you can
have an animal that eats some like you
know byproducts that humans can't do
anything with but it's going to be
essentially an almost vegan diet things
like aquaculture so hood can be very can
be very efficient as well but that's if
you're gonna compare I guess aquaculture
is some sort of aquaculture versus a
vegan diet maybe you can produce
something but yeah that that's still
probably going to be a mostly vegan diet
I'd say another day like the ideal part
would be if I had my way everyone would
be vegan right that would be like my
ideal however in lieu of like certain
physical constraints like the world we
live in
seems like that might be too idealistic
right that's why I'm getting it
in what way actually the aquaculture is
something that they're still developing
so that's possibly more idealistic
whereas if people just use the car model
and just switch to being and odd that
seems fairly doable well that wouldn't
make her but my climate change right
even to everyone so that would have a
massive that actually have a change so
if we worked as far we're like stop like
having cow I was cetera even with the
the met the black paint a production
like in carbon emissions like that's
like the biggest source of climate
change and we're sorry yeah you sound
like a robot and tunnel yeah okay I
think what you were saying something
like something like if we even if we get
rid of obviously is you're just
conceding the cows and going for the
lower with a smaller animal so that's
obviously going to be less impactful as
well but quite often people will replace
calorie for calorie with these sort of I
guess methods so they'll they'll replace
one animal with another animal generally
calorie for calorie and that brings its
own problem so something like a chicken
you know if you replace a calorie for
calorie what they often do is that what
that will the effect it will have quite
often is that it will increase factory
farm chickens and like that
you
I mean I don't even know how to say it
seems like you said to everyone she'd be
honest you can diet so it's closely
yeah I mean that's not I said that like
right off the bat but okay and that if
it was the case that a vegan diet wasn't
sustainable like I would bite the bullet
and say all right well looks like we're
gonna have to murder some animals or
something because we're gonna have to do
that anyway well we have a vegan diet
and I would go further and add that in
virtually any situation that you are
getting animal calorie is it can be
would be more efficient to be growing
plant calories you know if you have just
an amount of land you can grow
vertically and so forth that you know no
matter what you need to get that calorie
from the Sun you need to get that night
you take out of air so maybe we should
by the way here's the here's the paper I
was looking at about global food
production or global impacts of food
production and one of the things with
vegan diets
tarek uh if you're trying to farm the
same plot of land that's not gonna be
sustainably dead like places that you
farm from right like the way Native
Americans used to do it was a lot of one
that would be when the pilgrims came by
right they saw this pristine land they
might they were marked about in all
sorts of journals turns out most that
land is if that actually cared for and
Native Americans they would move in five
year increments so it's not taxed to
land over a hawk deigned way right yeah
yeah so this guy is actually funnily
enough the guy the article that you
posted is the guy that I was talking
about
so Joseph Paul or Jay Paul is this is
the guy that I was talking about who has
basically he has gone vegan so if you
I'll put up the Guardian article again
and it's him saying that he's he's
chained he's cut animal products out of
his diet just because he just can't
justify having it having done the UM the
study that he that you actually post it
up
but you can't justify what
he can't justify having animal products
in his diet oh yeah I heard that problem
I'm pretty sure heard a radio interview
with that same scientist he's been doing
a kind of promotional tour discussing
his findings and how he basically became
vegan after doing the math
yes that's an article and at the end of
it he states that he's cut animal
products out of his diet purely from the
research studies done so I don't think
he's particularly concerned about the
ethics of of animal and has animals and
how they trader and all that it's just
purely from the ethics of the land use
and the effect on the environment he's
cut it out so he yeah like I was saying
he he seems to be have gone around done
a bit of interview work as well I heard
him do an interview where they discuss
gonna do yeah so where they discussed um
I think sort of regenerative farming
that you're talking about in somewhere
in Colombia where they have cattle
farmers and they've managed to
regenerate some of the the the land and
the farm and I've done one of the
farmers has managed to do it but even by
their own admission it requires an
enormous amount of labour work and what
Joseph Paul has said is that it might be
feasible and given that it's difficult
to get some people to or get some amount
of people to quit animal products that
might be a method to reduce
environmental effects and environmental
damage of animal products I would argue
that he really obviously sorry yeah lab
bromine Michaels mushroomy but there you
know I continue but what he said was
that it's really feasible in somewhere
like maybe Colombia where the labor cost
is gonna be quite low but then once you
go to anywhere pretty much like Europe
America Australia that's just not going
to be feasible because the amount of
work and organization that's required
the the cost scale is just going to go
way up he would be hostile clarification
have to make I just I don't mean in
hostile way so you guys may not be
familiar with this much a vegan and mr.
president but you know the already at
the United Nations water footprint
report makes it clear the ecological
impacts of small-scale cool down quote
more ethic
cow cattle farming and pig farming any
of those ruminants it is worse than
high-efficiency factory farming factory
farming genuinely is an efficient and
that's why the price is lower so among
the many many factors in both is simply
how much water is used up how much
pollution is produced per pound of meat
as a finished product and the most of
this right the most ecological in terms
of all the measurable impacts is like
the high efficiency factory farming done
in the Netherlands and then when you
look at the numbers the same math done
for like third world country where it's
still small plot traditional factory
farming it is much much worse again per
pound of output so that's an ethical as
well as ecological clarification but a
lot of these things um quick question
if filling that if the more we factory
farm the more thermodynamic it is does
that mean the more suffering we give the
animal the barriers for that argument
well in theory but in theory factory
farming could have less suffering for
the animals in theory in practice
everyone's horrified by factory farming
but there's no reason why an animal will
necessarily suffer less on a small
family farm versus a large factory farm
the conditions the animal the conditions
of slaughter if you compare from farm to
farm some are going to be better and
some are gonna do worse it's the same
thing with the hospital I can't say to
you that large hospitals always treat
people worse than small hospitals our
small independent doctors offices some
are going to be adding some reviewers
but the optimize the space right like a
reason the next factory farming bad for
chickens
it's because they need an optimum I like
area that's there for fun need to cram
as much chickens as they can in there as
a farm they're not fine it's like
optimize per like square footage right
they're just optimized here but actually
when you read the studies it is a
shocking and horrifying sight picking up
the staff the links list yeah I do of
course I do
like why don't you let me finish my
sentence why is it not at all why
interrupt me mid-sentence with them
because it's like the third thing why
don't you not interrupt me mid-sentence
you troll it was shocking to me
personally when I first read in plain
terms the well-being of the
chickens raising them in high-density
cage Lots is actually better because for
interment providers they endure because
why don't I finish my sentence one of
the major factors we have chickens that
have more room and are running around is
that they actually attack and kill one
another they trample each other some
starve some are injured so even though
it seems like a horrifying spectacle to
look at chickens and cages when you do
the math when you read the studies you
come to the paradoxical conclusion that
the reason why human beings invented
these more efficient large-scale farms
where each chicken has its own little
cage what it is not just more efficient
fewer the chickens die fewer the
chickens died horrible deaths
suffering being pecked to death by other
chickens chicken nature like human
nature is not as pretty easy I want to
think it is they are
dull just friends when they have that
room to run around so it is more
efficient and fewer chickens have to be
born and die to produce the same amount
of meat and the actual lifecycle
psychoanalysis of suffering paradox Lee
actually does favor modern methods I'm
morally opposed to all of it but it is
really interesting if you actually do
reading which is something I do
did I interrupt you and ask if you have
a study when you were making
your horseshit claims of the
value of better pretend was that you
knew that there was a pun in there newer
piece of
now drop the link you're talking about
you
off-topic question this is a completely
different branch but if the word was to
go V and animals such as cows sheep do
you think they would go extinct as as a
I did a lot of this in-depth analysis so
obviously we breed these animals and it
really depends on how you want to do it
if you want to keep slaughtering them
you can basically bring them down to
whatever level you want and you could
obviously just keep them alive in
sanctuaries and so forth they present
but if the vegan if the world went vegan
obviously vegans who care a lot about
animals would be the ones in control of
what happens to the animals and so you
can either do a fast or slow scenario
fast scenarios within a few years if you
can st. continue slaughter at the
current rate you know it's basically
dairy cows making it up to four years on
average before they're spent after that
basically every animal we slaughtered
all 70 billion almost all 70 billion
Atlanta and also we have on earth we
slaughtered or you can let them live out
their natural lifespan which again
longest is cows which is about 20 years
so in about 20 years you can have
whatever level of animals you want so
you can just dedicate however much
animal sanctuary space you want my thing
with that is well I didn't think all the
numbers every single you know the life
expectancies of all these I would I am
on my phone if I leave this I can't hear
you that's fast
is there any any more questions that I
know no um you said mark that live limb
the vet natural lifespan is being hunted
or killed by another predator part of
the natural life cycle I mean people
would have to decide how much they would
want to re wild I mean you could
rewilding corridors from the 2007 land
you study from the USDA about half of
the lower 48 land is used for animal
agriculture so that would free up a ton
of land so you can decide how much you
want to rewilding I as a vegan at least
I'm not trying to stop nature like I'm
about about reinstalling nature
I dropped a link from 2019 about caring
capacity for land it seems like that's
the element to study I mentioned earlier
yeah a vegan I think doesn't have the
highest I think lacto-vegetarian had the
highest and so that's where again I was
responding to that the study is that how
they look at a view is an accurate way I
also have a whole video about this
called why the vegan diet failed land
you study but it's a matter of again
they didn't look at like anything that
wasn't currently growing crops which you
could obviously grow crops on was not
counted at all and so and there's just
things like terracing like any any land
that has tomb is too hilly has mountains
is considered not arable places that you
could not be graze thing you could be
growing massive amounts and there so
they were saying there's a large swath
of land that can only be used for
grazing which is completely inaccurate
things you can grow like hemp and so
many things I mean we also I could go
further into this but just the fact that
China is starting to green Korean the
desert in reasonable amounts using like
microbes and cross-hatching of wind
barriers and growing up a ton a ton of
plants and orchards and all these things
I mean that just the idea of arable land
that they have in that study is
laughable again that's the study that
showed that vegan diets use one sixth of
land as on the worst I just sent links I
was requested to provide articles which
is totally reasonable to interrupt
someone in mid-sentence it takes a few
minutes to go on copy and paste lengths
you piece of if you actually want
to read and click on the
links or you can watch my youtube video
discuss all right thanks for links I'll
go over and right now about and the just
so I'm clear it the claims you're making
was that it's actually better for like
animal happiness to be on factory farms
right
well that's a totally reasonable summary
of what I said why should I even bother
talking when you're so first acacia sin
abled somewhere cell welcome
absolutely welcome
dude have you been sincere in the
discussion are you just wrong
I mean you're just doing this to piss
off a bunch of vegans like what what's
it I don't pissed off any vegans you the
way you keep moving the goalposts and
changing the point of the debate I just
I just don't get it mr. mr. president
that I piss you off by a chance course
not president schools an iceberg who
else is here that I might pissed off
mr. thermodynamics yeah I'll even start
off being slightly sardonic you know
she's not here at any point then will
one of these issues fail you change your
view right like you accepted you were
presented with evidence eggs are not
health food right these right but I
google that she just sorry self conflict
it's is the vent permission
anyway it just seems to me like so many
fundamental tenets you presented were
refuted villainies was one of the
fundamental where some of the
fundamental tenets that were refuted go
for it your claims about fertilizer your
claims about health benefits that's
generic my claims tell me a claim
nothing I am not really interested in
recapitulating my rhetoric taking the
time I provide you with sources and
considerations and I had seems to be
literally all rhetoric or nonsense right
now I'm still going over this link just
to make sure whether you were saying
before about chickens I haven't better
lives and cages for example a nice day
why would you give why is it
conversation is that chicken eggs are so
healthy that they justify this form of
aeroplane when I say that now you're
hired
why wouldn't your argument collapse when
that's been refuted now you're actively
lying it's weird that you have to lie
not look like the Forbes and Mike the
vegan took the time to present you with
all this everyone has Lynch as you
said like Oh eggs aren't healthy why
don't you have studies everyone has a
ton of studies yes summary breath you
see all post-its that why do you keep
moving the goalposts and keep trying to
literally write we were talking about
the health of eggs we talked about the
health of cholesterol and healthy diet
right I've shown like there's a lot of
conflicting information about and I
posted all of these things right now for
example you want to say here's I'll even
throw you a bone that I was saying
something like eggs are just bad and are
just healthy to eat right now I didn't
say that I said eggs in moderation can
find Ryan you can eat them and as part
of a healthy diet which is corroborated
by like multiple like state but except
for Australia apparently there might be
the smartest one on this one
multiple state-based Dietary functions
right for example now it states that
it's fine and it's part of a healthy
diet to eat one to two eggs a day
right let's do this let's do this ask
yourself Steph let's do this logical
spectrum talk
if broccoli if every time I eat broccoli
I had to kill a chicken just for no
reason that was the rule on planet earth
if ethically now broccoli is
unbelievably healthy I was saying to you
before like just look at the
stats about how unhealthy eggs are
compared to healthy and if you don't
believe that just agree with me for the
sake of hypothetical example that
broccoli is a really healthy food if I
had to kill it I use it if I had to kill
a chicken every time I eat broccoli I
would refuse to eat properly right but
your beginning position seems to be that
eggs had such extraordinarily positive
nutritional value that it was justified
to me but I say that wait one second um
there you have to kill the broccoli to
eat the broccoli though I know I've got
a murder broccoli you wouldn't believe
broccoli is a flower I don't need to
kill the plant but they're delicious
that broccoli in the link that you put
up I think it was in debate Khrushchev
all text so that's actually by someone
called maria luz Fernandez and just to
sort of put on the which ones can
capacity one I know that the egg the
eggs one okay yes so that one if you go
and look at the author it's by someone
called ml Fernandez so maria luz
Fernandez she's a well to basically use
tinfoil hat she's basically a shill for
the egg industry I can get you I should
be able to get you a set of letters or
emails from the egg board where a
article came out saying something bad
about the egg industry and they named
her as I think then they named her as
their friend in the science community
who can write a positive article in
behalf of eggs gotcha
yeah that would I would I would find
that like a disqualifying thing like if
she's just a shell so let me go look at
the other list
of like there's like a bunch of articles
like that would just seem to be the best
written one in terms of lots of design
just in terms of like presenting about
the idea across so that's a vector
pointing it's also worth reiterating
something I typed in earlier before I
talked where to legal to advertise eggs
as healthy according to the FDA just
based officer oh no way yes yes I
mentioned that before to the PCR on pork
case I did actually already cover that a
lot of the substance said before and it
is interesting reading about PCRM cases
vest um with glass wine today is
considered healthy but I don't think
allow advertisers as such you can't
advertise it bowls or wine as health
food what's considered healthy stir a
glass of wine a day
but you're unable to actually listen to
me Crucible want to take a look at this
alright now this tell me if there's
anything wrong with this particular day
mr. president
you
if I open that I'll leave but it looks
like it's actually just describing it as
a food for animals maybe
no this is a food for human health okay
I was reading the first sentence because
I can if I open educational value by our
activities and emerging benefits for
human health okay yeah literally it
stops at emerging been so genetics I got
you do you believe it's the egg that's
our fault or just the dosage we are
taking of eggs
a single leg but team up to the table
with eggs
with the latest from of eggs is a
contribution
Lester oh he's like big bad in general
right the case that big yeah ee fair or
like people try to cut you off but
you're you're very robotic weather like
the correlation disease that's used to
be Oh am i cutting out you were to start
with but then you got good again as I
interrupt you sorry alright it's just uh
that eggs like if you if you're at risk
for heart disease you want to avoid eggs
well just completely cut off
cholesterol entirely everyone's you're
healthy without at risk if you're
healthy and not at risk then you could
sneak in eggs but it's probably better
not
traditionally how I believe we first got
eggs would we would have to put a lot of
effort into gathering it because they're
either a hire a tree or defended by some
kind of bird which means the energy we
got from an egg would have counteracted
the all the energy we got to get the egg
nowadays were lazy so you I agree
multiple eggs will be bad for you now
just because we're not using that energy
I'm not sure I think if you're going
back that far those people wouldn't have
had much much tea anyway so an egg is
certainly better than stuff but overall
I think it gives like that for like
there's also time yeah yeah but if you
know if your life spans 40 or 50 then it
probably doesn't matter too much if
you're eating eggs and bottom line I
mean you can have negative things that
you can eat in a certain amount and be
healthy I mean I could do a line of
cocaine and probably be okay and you
know you can smoke a certain amount of
cigarettes that won't increase in
disease that doesn't mean that it's part
of healthy diet in my opinion and that's
why vegans only ones with average levels
of cholesterol that don't progress have
those
you
I can have a better look at I've just
had a quick look over it seems to be
saying and and linking a lot of the same
previous studies I've seen before that
you've the one that you put up I'm gonna
have a better look at if you want and
get that yeah make sure no likes like
shells in this time they're one of the
links that they've put in is actually
maria luz Fernandez
so I think she's not actually link
number 6 so they're using one of her
studies but yeah so like I'm not I don't
want to say like because with a lot of
studies there's even studies though that
I put up that are like funded or at
least partially funded or the
researchers would have got funding in
the past through pharmaceutical
companies or something like that
I don't want to say just like across the
board that you know someone getting a
funding from a certain group of whatever
is necessarily something to just what to
ignore immediately it's more no it's
it's a bit of a pain in the ass with the
egg industry because what they've done
is a lot of the stuff that they've said
pretty much everything that they've said
with their studies is not incorrect it's
just the way that they've framed it and
that sort of the trick maria luz
Fernandez I specifically highlight as
being a bad person because she the egg
industry I'll just I always it takes me
a bit of time to find this set of emails
but I think Michael Greger and
bitesizevegan have done like a video on
it and you can read their emails but
they've I think named her directly as
being one of their people so yeah I put
up studies from that I liked statins and
whatever else would show a certain
result so it's not just that they're
paid off or you know paid by also in the
industry or whatever it's more how
they've designed the study and what
their purpose is I guess and it's always
going to go a part of the evaluation of
a source
that's good to know
you
well let's draw conclusions why don't
you guys wrap it up who do you think won
should we all be eating chicken eggs for
the value of the manure they produce or
should we all go back to factory farming
Li easel
I miss them your argument for the egg
sorry just the chickens tend to be good
for like local farms right their manure
is like pretty useful their high
phosphate produced to maneuver or many
herbs but especially can actually please
in the ground so you gotta be like
better and fix it or like faster or like
things that are the kind for phosphate
requirements if you're gonna have like a
lot of chickens
alright there's anything else you want
to talk about I think any kind of
covered all that all this I think we
covered it
so having been presented with this stuff
the only name I know you by its eyes Oh
Buster I don't know why you chose that
name why you giving it but what how's
your position change uh yeah okay glad
to hear it
dude I've never heard anybody say that
before despite your best intentions I
was able to change my position is
something better thank you mostly was
mr. president I guess there's a mic the
vegans either third I'm sorry I couldn't
actually give you research all right now
because Ellie videos that like you
didn't play a part in it but I
appreciate talking to you Oh